Define the client’s needs

Client ZikFreak

ZikFreak is a company that let recordingstudio's in Brussels rent their studio to muscicians. We will make a website where musicians can find a studio that's available for recording, but also where recordingstudio's can advertise their place and rent it. So it must appeal to both audiences. 

For musicians we will make the website that's accessible and customisable to their needs. They can adjust their band formation depending on their members and what kind of instrument they play, depending on this information only the recordingstudio's with enough space or can handle the output in decibells will be shown as available places for rent.

For recordingstudio's we will create an environment where they can post their studio, post pictures and fill in specific details about the place. They can also manage the studio's availability, pricing and see when people want to rent the studio. 

Define User functionalities (login, logout, delete, ...)

Register --> 
For Musicians/Renter --> form where user has to fill in some basic contact information but also specifiy the size of the band (so it can be used to filter locations) and what kind of instruments they play (to filter the maximum decibels per studio). 
For Recordingstudios/Owner --> form where the user has to fill in some basic contact information. Specifiy the size of the studio, maximum decibells that can be produced, price and if they supply sound engineers. 

Member section -->
Musicians/Renter will see a page that automatically filters on the band size with available spaces. Furthermore they can specify even more on date or change the band size (or equipment). The results show the recordingstudio, all the requierments and the price. 

Admin section -->
Recordingstudios/Owner will see the studio's they are renting and if they're currently being rented. Underneath it will show a form if they want to add a new rental, with all the previous information from the registration form. They also have the option to show an agenda that show future availability. 
